lib/promscrape/kubernetes: add namespace metadata discovery (#9880)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: add `-fs.maxConcurrency` command-line flag for adjusting the limit on the number of parallel operations with files. This flag may be useful for tuning data ingestion performance on systems with high-latency storage such as NFS or Ceph. This flag can be useful also for reducing Go scheduling latency on systems with small number of CPU cores. See [VictoriaLogs#774](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/774).
* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): on the [Cardinality Explorer](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/#cardinality-explorer) page, rename `Reset` to `Reset filters` and disable the button when no filters are modified. See [#9609](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9609).
* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): reflect query visibility state in URL on `Query` or `Raw Query` pages. Now, when sharing URL with a query, its visibility state will be preserved. See [#9826](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/9826) for more details.

> * FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/): add ability to set `attach_metadata.namespace=true` option for all the [`kubernetes_sd_configs`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/sd_configs/#kubernetes_sd_configs) defined at [`-promscrape.config`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/#quick-start) via `-promscrape.kubernetes.attachNamespaceMetadataAll` command-line flag. This allows attaching namespace labels and annotations to discovered targets for `pod`, `service`, `endpoints`, `endpointslice`, and `ingress` roles. See [this pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/9880).

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/): add ability to set `attach_metadata.namespace=true` option for all the [`kubernetes_sd_configs`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/sd_configs/#kubernetes_sd_configs) defined at [`-promscrape.config`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/#quick-start), or via `-promscrape.kubernetes.attachNamespaceMetadataAll` command-line flag. This allows attaching namespace labels and annotations to discovered targets for `pod`, `service`, `endpoints`, `endpointslice`, and `ingress` roles. See [#9880](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/9880) for more details.
```
